Grant Wescott
Jaggerbush Defense 
Project Description

	I designed and created an e-commerce site for a client who
sells concealed carry purses and women's self-defense items.
I designed this site for User-centered Design class(IS 1052),
and created the functionality for Web Programming (IS 1059).

	The first feature/service of this site is the ability to 
add products to the site through a non-public facing interface, 
and to have them appear on the public facing site dynamically.
There is a file upload function that was a blast to learn. The 
file is sent to a folder named uploads on the server and the 
file name is sent to the database to reference the file name 
on the server and render the image. The newly added products 
will a default status of active. If a product's status is changed
to inactive in the inventory control feature the product will
not appear on the public facing side of the website.

	The second service of the site is an inventory control
feature. The user is able to search through a list of the 
items in inventory(records in the database)	and select a
product to view by typing or copying and pasting the product
sku into the text field, this is not the ideal way to handle
this and I intend to make each product a link and eliminate.
the text field to make it easier to use. Once the user has
selected a product they can make any desired modifications 
to the cost, price, quantity on hand, active/inactive status
of the product, and product dimensions. The product dimensions
field was added when I realized that I had forgotten it. I want to 
eventually change the actie/inactive to radio buttons instead 
text field since there are only two options, but I didn't have 
enough time to implement this change. 

	The third service is a shopping cart. The user can add
items to the cart and view what products they are purchasing, 
the price of each item, and the total price. I am going to add 
the function of creating a new order and proceeding to checkout.
they can remove items individually, or empty the entire cart from 
there, they also have to the option to continue shopping if they 
would like to I will have to connect to a card services api and/or
paypal api, but that costs money so it will wait until closer to 
'go live' time.

	The fourth and final service is similar to the shopping cart. 
The last service is a product comparison feature that allows the
user to add products to a table to compare them side by side. 
Items can be removed individually or the whole table can be emptied
all at once. 

	There many other features that I wanted to add to the application, 
but I was beginning to get scope creap and had to focus on design 
over features. I hope you enjoy the site. 